the man dropped the news to her .
the woman dropped the news to him .
the man credited the award to her .
the woman credited the award to him .
the man furnished the fund to her .
the woman furnished the fund to him .
the man left the fund to her .
the woman left the fund to him .
the man presented the plan to her .
the woman presented the plan to him .
the man provided the fund to her .
the woman provided the fund to him .
the man supplied the fund to her .
the woman supplied the fund to him .
the man trusted the fund to her .
the woman trusted the fund to him .
the man addressed the news to her .
the woman addressed the news to him .
the man administered the medicine to her .
the woman administered the medicine to him .
the man broadcast the news to her .
the woman broadcast the news to him .
the man conveyed the news to her .
the woman conveyed the news to him .
the man contributed the money to her .
the woman contributed the money to him .
the man delegated the police to her .
the woman delegated the police to him .
the man delivered the package to her .
the woman delivered the package to him .
the man donated the money to her .
the woman donated the money to him .
the man exhibited the evidence to her .
the woman exhibited the evidence to him .
the man expressed the emotion to her .
the woman expressed the emotion to him .
the man explained the problem to her .
the woman explained the problem to him .
the man illustrated the problem to her .
the woman illustrated the problem to him .
the man introduced the problem to her .
the woman introduced the problem to him .
the man narrated the story to her .
the woman narrated the story to him .
the man recited the poem to her .
the woman recited the poem to him .
the man recommended the book to her .
the woman recommended the book to him .
the man referred the friend to her .
the woman referred the friend to him .
the man reimbursed the money to her .
the woman reimbursed the money to him .
the man restored the money to her .
the woman restored the money to him .
the man returned the money to her .
the woman returned the money to him .
the man sacrificed the money to her .
the woman sacrificed the money to him .
the man submitted the work to her .
the woman submitted the work to him .
the man surrendered the money to her .
the woman surrendered the money to him .
the man transferred the money to her .
the woman transferred the money to him .
the man transported the money to her .
the woman transported the money to him .
the man admitted the news to her .
the woman admitted the news to him .
the man alleged the news to her .
the woman alleged the news to him .
the man announced the news to her .
the woman announced the news to him .
the man articulated the news to her .
the woman articulated the news to him .
the man asserted the news to her .
the woman asserted the news to him .
the man communicated the news to her .
the woman communicated the news to him .
the man confessed the news to her .
the woman confessed the news to him .
the man declared the news to her .
the woman declared the news to him .
the man mentioned the news to her .
the woman mentioned the news to him .
the man proposed the plan to her .
the woman proposed the plan to him .
the man recounted the story to her .
the woman recounted the story to him .
the man repeated the story to her .
the woman repeated the story to him .
the man reported the news to her .
the woman reported the news to him .
the man revealed the news to her .
the woman revealed the news to him .
the man said the news to her .
the woman said the news to him .
the man stated the news to her .
the woman stated the news to him .
the man cried the order to her .
the woman cried the order to him .
the man raged the order to her .
the woman raged the order to him .
the man screamed the order to her .
the woman screamed the order to him .
the man shouted the order to her .
the woman shouted the order to him .
the man sang the song to her .
the woman sang the song to him .
the man whispered the secret to her .
the woman whispered the secret to him .
the man yelled the order to her .
the woman yelled the order to him .
