Another government guy showed it to me .
Well, I brought it on stage and that night, I showed it to the audience at Arrowhead Stadium.
He said he hadn't seen the photo until aides showed it to him after Howley's article was published.
my mother kept them but never showed them to me.
They have a legitimate complaint, and I think they humorously showed this to the public.
The WT and APP-KI mice showed a response to the novel object and were able to discern a change in the object (Fig. 5o).
We showed the video to a diverse sample of 1350 Americans.
They showed the tape to the team's personnel chief, Terry Donahue.
A parent showed your interesting magazine to me and I thought I would write and thank you for it.
The one successful skin cancer app from that 2013 study showed users' photos to a physician.
I know it because he's told it to me.
I told it to the head of every music company that I was an adviser to.
When I told this to my therapist , a grim look came over his face.
I've never told this to anyone except Zach.
She recalled the image of an older girl who told stories to younger children.
We think he hasn't told the truth to the vice president.
He was not there so she told her story to the staff earlier that week.
I told this story to a friend recently, who responded, " There are no right or wrong feelings. Just because you didn't cry then doesn't mean you didn't feel something. "
So the U.S. later told the same thing to the Japanese.
I never lived down that story, and Kensler told it every Thanksgiving to whoever hadn't heard it before.
But because Canada and Mexico already have guaranteed access to the U.S. market, thanks to the NAFTA, the U.S. has relatively little to offer its trading partners.
Facing enrollment limitations at public four - year institutions, the state of Florida defined the AA degree as the " transfer degree " and, subsequently, guaranteed admission to the state university system to all students that completed the degree (Harden, 1991).
A Kremlin-controlled screening system had all but guaranteed victory to United Russia incumbents in most of the highest-profile races.
That has not guaranteed access to all the care they need.
It was the first comprehensive health plan that would have guaranteed coverage to everyone.
" Assad also vowed to " live and die " in Syria, days after British Prime Minister David Cameron suggested Assad might be granted safe passage out of Syria if he guaranteed an end to the civil war.
Chile has guaranteed universal access to quality treatment for some conditions including certain cancers, HIV/AIDS, pneumonia, depression and dental care, which has improved care for the poor, according to the WHO.
The government guaranteed a job to every graduate of universities, technical schools and high schools.
Under the terms of the project, the New Zealand government guaranteed Mobil free access to natural gas if it could build the technology to convert it to gasoline.
Edgar said he was not being hypocritical because Netsch's plan had never guaranteed property tax relief to the business community and his plan would.
She offered it as though she actually would've lent it to me.
The fact that the room was lined in old suits of armor lent credence to the fantasy.
Several studies in recent years have lent support to the evidence that, in some cases, pairing niacin with a drug creates superior therapy.
If this is not his vehicle the person who lent it to him should also be charged with murder.
A song like' Can't Take My Eyes Off You' lent itself to a whole new generation of pop rock.
Despite misgivings that the rout of two years earlier would be repeated, he lent his support to the planned uprising.
In effect, the (mostly futile) attempts of each nation to gain some measure of control over the regulation process only lent more credibility to the regulatory union itself.
It also lent its name to the new dish, which became Pioneer Deep Space Station.
Another rebel commander who was a merchant before the war said he once sent a shepherd, who wandered by checkpoints and lent a sympathetic ear to the soldiers.
16 Persuasive advocacy effectively changed the opinions of a broad array of people who lent their credible opinions to the advocacy effort.
He chuckled at my reaction and offered it to me.
The Saudis, I offered them to the Saudis, he couldn't take him.
Should have just taken the answers when Tory offered them to me.
The president offered condolences to the victims and said that response to the crash had been " immediate.
Robert Gates said the U.S. has offered advice to the Afghans on how to move forward.
Grant offered his services to the Governor of Illinois.
Rookie center Deandre Ayton agreed with Booker and offered a solution to the issue.
But Pickle offered an amendment to the legislation to raise the reirement age and to everyone's amazment it passed both the House and Senate.
He had offered it for sale to the Israel Museum, which had declined.
He offered food and shelter to the cousins Simion and Gavrila Caienar, as well as to loan Pop.
She loaned it to me for the day.
However, Peters still loaned money to the development partnership to buy land for the District 5 project, she said Wednesday.
I loaned them to a new friend.
Federal Reserve loaned trillions to major banks.
It had loaned $ 35,000 to El Borinquen, a mysterious business with a deed purportedly showing that it owned 50 percent of Neal's house.
An organization loaned approximately $16,000 to Mena for recording and producing CDs about Pope Francis, Guevara said.
She had loaned her keys to a woman who was staying with her, and that woman had gone to a bar, downed several drinks, headed back to the apartment and crawled into bed.
Maybe he loaned his house out to somebody... - or one of his buddies was throwin' a party.
Toby has often loaned his private jet to Texas politicians as an in-kind donation.
Most reporters also loaned their satellite phones to enlistees for quick calls home.
He left it to the attorney general, and the attorney general made this conclusion.
Sam left them to their work.
She walked elegantly from the room and left him to his thoughts.
They left everything to the church.
She left that to her deputy chief of mission, whom the report identified as also being poor at management and administration.
My father left the house to me alone because my brother, Bertrand, couldn't manage money.
She left the money to me.
She left the property to the Church.
Louise Caldwell Murdock left an amazing legacy to the Midwest-not a collection, but an idea to create a collection of museumquality American objects for the people in her community.
It turned out he'd left an enormous chunk to the Author's Guild!
Sure, God promised it to us, but what does that matter to them?
He placed his inspiration under the protection of the Virgin, who, at Tepeyac, had promised protection to all her children, just as she had protected her firstborn by fleeing into Egypt.
HE ALREADY PROMISED RIDES TO ALL HIS CREEPY FRIENDS.
Menace promised security to those who followed the # rules.
When the inexplicable uneasiness did not go away, she decided to visit the Street of Fortune-Tellers, where seers and mystics, astrologers and soothsayers promised solutions to life's mysteries.
PSE &G; has promised additional resources to South Brunswick within the next day.
I'd promised the money to a family present, but when nobody asked I just pocketed the cash and figured I'd make it up to everyone at Christmas.
I promised these books to Roger, Alice.
Some cities have also promised comprehensive health coverage to all retirees, even those who retire in their 40s.
And President Obama promised continued earthquake aid to Haiti, after meeting with Haitis president at the White House.
That was also Dumbledore. He gave a potion to Pettigrew, who was a spy in our ranks for the old goat, who slipped it to Tom.
I'll give you one guess who slipped them to us.
Jana and Katerina slipped food to the dogs while Count Bendl stared vaguely toward the fireplace.
A nice doctor slipped em to me.
2005 was also the year when the world finally learned the identity of Deep Throat, the anonymous source who slipped information to Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, and who is portrayed here in the movie " All the President's Men. "
He slipped a note to one of her bosses, asking for her number.
Andrew Ladd controlled the rebound and slipped a pass to John Madden, who hit an empty net.
Jack slipped a letter to Mama, looking at her sideways like his neck was broken.
We do know the CIA slipped doses of LSD to men without them knowing it in order to study the effects of psychotropes on gene structure.
We, in turn, would yell at the woman at the laundry to whom we had slipped a few bucks to supervise the spin cycle while we went out for coffee.
In 2016, he reportedly wrote letters to all 32 NFL teams offering to play a season for free, but found no takers.
Addie wrote it to me before she died.
After I watched this hearing, it's like waterboarding by the way, I wrote this to myself.
My mom wrote that to me in a letter when I was eight.
Donald Sterling believes just because he wrote checks to the NAACP that somehow he was helping the community.
I wrote a letter to my kids a few years ago.
She wrote a note to her... dogs?
Though McHugh did not name Lack, the executive wrote a memo to employees to attempt to " clear the air. "
And Mexico's President wrote an open letter to President Trump.
After dinner he sat down at the secretary and wrote a long letter to his friends in Lincoln.
Grace was a teacher, like Larry and me, who taught music to students in grades one through eight.
Participants included five special educators who taught reading to students with disabilities in Grades 3 to 5.
Are you saying that I memorized the Cheer and taught it to Calvin in one day, all to sabotage my own house?
He studied law at the College of William and Mary in 1771 under George Wythe, who also taught law to Thomas Jefferson and John Marshall, and served as chief justice of Virginia.
By watching and observing how students used the school library and how teachers taught literature to students, I realized that the current organization of the collection wasn't helpful for them.
She taught police procedures to officers, and now teaches writers how to write realistic police scenes and characters.
" I left because I didn't want to become a statistic, " says soft-spoken Hilda Rayford, who taught remedial reading to second-graders in Toledo.
Recent programs have included FBI Director Robert Mueller (talking about the war on terrorism) and Penny Patterson, a developmental psychologist who has taught sign language to Koko, the world's most famous gorilla.
15 Hopkins taught the wood-block technique to Ethel Mars (1876-1956), a friend from the Art Photograph Pl.
Looking on is ARS entomologist Eric Erickson (retired), who taught this control method to departments throughout Arizona.
There is however other stuff that if they gave it to me I wouldn't use.
I used to be able to read books before I gave them to him, but I can no longer keep up with him.
He gave this to me as a gift.
He gave money to Jeb Bush's 2016 campaign.
After conferring with the captain, their lieutenant gave orders to reverse the trenches and prepare to hold the position.
We have a little bit more work to do in understanding who exactly gave the order to fire Ambassador Yovanovitch, a profoundly well-respected diplomat.
In custody, they gave an interview to Russian television.
The leader of House Kor gave his life to defend mine.
The Clinton campaign at the time insisted Hillary Clinton was not directly involved in that review you mentioned, which gave the green light to this controversial deal.
The first American in orbit gave an exclusive interview to our medical contributor, Dr. Bernadine Healy, who joins us this morning from Columbus, Ohio.
Yamina had said they fed it to the dogs.
When she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons.
People in Camilla's camp have certainly fed information to the press and information that's not exactly flattering about Kate Middleton and specifically about Carole Middleton, Kate Middleton's family.
She came to tell you the truth and you fed her to the wolves.
We should have fed him to that volcano.
He ate two of the fish and most of the third and fed the rest to the pig.
He fed his uncle to dogs.
The Rockets then fed the ball to Olajuwon in the paint.
Round tanks fed water by gravity to the peach and apple trees.
He held his 1-month-old son in his arms and fed a chicken carcass to a large crocodile.
For some reason, she has never paid attention to herself in social situations.
She paid tribute to the heroism of those who saved Notre Dame's treasures.
In April, Pearl Jam also paid homage to Prince the same day he passed away.
He served eight days in jail, paid restitution to the victim, took anger-management classes and went to Alcoholics Anonymous.
All week, mourning town residents have paid visits to the burned-out building.
A few weeks after saying goodbye to my grandpa, my parents paid a visit to the Ganges as tourists themselves.
He paid no attention to the movie, arty crap, until it was over.
But he said redemption can come only after an individual has paid his debt to society.
This has particularly been true of social and intellectual historians, who have generally paid too little attention to the marginalist revolution.
The Macau government has paid only lip service to the localization campaign.
Mandela has been accused by some militant and populist blacks of trying too hard to appease whites at the expense of helping the black majority that voted him to power.
Holthus and Peterson voted no to the proposed ordinance amendment because it does not require a CUP for all districts.
Assuming that the CNE's official results are accurate, 41% of Venezuelans (those who voted yes to the recall) firmly oppose the Chvez government, and another 30% (those who abstained) are indifferent.
Besides him being removed, the members that voted him to that position need go also.
On Tuesday, he posted a link to the bill on Reddit, the social news site, where users quickly voted it to the top.
That's why I voted myself to the bottom.
The unease increases among evangelicals, a key bloc that has voted Republicans to national office since the rise of the Religious Right in the late 1970s.
On July 10, the National Assembly -- except for eighty deputies out of 619 -- voted full powers to Ptain to change the constitution.
The gentlemen found the device too easy to copy to award the patent, but it voted a small award to Metius and employed Lipperhey to make several binocular versions, for which he was paid handsomely.
Congress voted a land grant to Polish exiles, books such as Jane Porter's Thaddeus of Warsaw presented positive portrayals of Polish themes, while mazurkas, krakowiaks, and other Polish cultural elements were in vogue among members of " society " in the antebellum years.
Then she handed it to me and cried in my arms for almost three hours.
She broke off pieces and handed them to Nelle, Richard, and, hesitating, to McCampbell.
The old man took one for himself and handed one to John.
Lonnie pulled Lou off her shoulder and handed her to me.
The baby stopped fussing at the sound of Bloom's voice and April handed him to her.
I handed the phone to my sister who put on a great act.
Curtis handed the keys to outside doors to Cromarty.
Number one just handed a note to number two.
For some Democrats, LePore will forever be known as the woman who handed the White House to George W. Bush.
Martin handed the video camera to her, then peered uneasily down at his feet.
I pulled my hand out and then I, like, served it to John.
They slaughtered countless men and served them to their friends before they were caught and hanged for their crimes.
His father drove Isaiah and Chyna to a mission shelter in Tacoma, where they served food to poor and homeless people.
He actually served tea to us when we went and seized the product.
At a street-side bistro, a waiter in pantaloons and powdered wig served beer to four guys dressed as elves.
In Washington, on the grounds of the United States Capitol, volunteers served Thanksgiving dinner to hundreds of homeless men and women.
When I served this dish to guests, they couldn't stop eating.
Volunteers for her campaign served hot coffee to voters standing in line.
Just weeks later, they served their first meal to more than 100 elementary and middle school students.
Afterwards, Johanna served coffee and cake to the little gathering.
He tossed it to Romero who caught it.
I tossed them to Nichole.
Husky tossed one to each of us.
We tossed popcorn to white bears from the top of the world.
Yesterday, just before Artie unleashed the virus, you tossed something to Ianna.
A Cubs coach tossed the ball to the boy but he dropped it.
Outside he tossed the keys to Chuck, then got in the pickup and pulled it into the garage.
His booming voice broke through the racket of the locker room next door as he tossed the phone to Gil.
With his bloodied hand, the boy tossed the blood-red cabbage to the bulls.
Henry grinned as he tossed the paper bag to Jess.
I regretted it the moment I sent it to her.
When I was informed of a plot to be carried out against the man, I sent him to you at once.
Danny sent them to Abigail.
Microsoft and Salesforce employees were less successful last year when they sent letters to their respective CEOs demanding they stop contracting with federal immigration agencies.
In fact, I sent this to our producer.
Herman later sent a letter to Felitti.
Our welcoming attitude sent the message to these young women that the students' interests were important in learning experiences and that they were involved in setting the direction of that learning.
To appease him, I sent an email to Roseanne's publicist.
He sent a clear message to President Erdogan to pull back.
Saying bring it on, kind of tough talk, you know, that sent the wrong signal to people.
It has been owned by the Hanson group who sold it to James Goldsmith.
She sold them to me.
I probably sold drugs to his father.
We sold weapons to both sides.
You sold this to one of my producers.
And it's where, according to lore, blues legend Robert Johnson sold his soul to the devil to learn the guitar.
But their firm struggled and the pair sold the company to Sperry Rand.
Milne, who created W. the Pooh, sold the rights to another guy for MONEY.
MGM sold the film rights to CBS, who then put it on.
In 2008, he sold a story idea to Sony Pictures after pitching the CEO on it for 20 minutes -- a man gets hit by lightning and his mind is filled with an insane amount of knowledge.
