If someone showed me this 3 years ago I would have said they were nuts.
The Lord told the man he had work for him to do, and showed him a large rock in front of his cabin.
The students looked wide eyed and the excitement only heightened when the tour guide showed us the Pulitzer Prize medals and the front cover headlined, " Nixon Resigns. "
We showed Steve the outline of the whole story.
He poured a cup of water into each pump's reservoir, and showed Susan the slider control that set the delivery rate in terms of blood levels.
Our Lord showed his disciples their need of deep humility.
He showed the jury a picture.
I showed the class a video of one of my appearances on " The Oprah Winfrey Show " in which a teen-ager was disclaiming all responsibility for running up huge credit card bills.
Yet history will record that amid our differences we acted with purpose, and together we showed the world the power and resilience of American self-government.
When I showed my boyfriend this article, here's what he had to say: I have never met a more loving, caring individual than you.
My friend told me a story about him being trailed by several wolves outside his home in michigan.
I have told you these things so that in Me you may have peace.
I do not see how it is appropriate to put this in your article when the shelter the Irwin's adopted him from should have told him an approximate age.
I told Rafe the story while I sipped the vodka martini he had ready for me.
The police told Stryker the results of the polygraph, in their words, clearly indicated he was involved.
But her most common dream was the one in which she finally told her son the truth.
Yesterday I told my friend a story.
Then one day shortly after my first child was born, I told my wife the truth.
I considered how it would sound if told a friend the story.
And that's why you haven't told your wife the truth.
The fact that Ismail was not interested in their opinions guaranteed him a longer time for an audience.
They had achieved a level of evolutionary success that guaranteed them a permanent place in history, and yet they were soon to disappear entirely from the face of the earth.
But it's probably guaranteed me opposition when I run for re-election, " he said.
There was no doubting the result of the fight two bouts later when to the delight of a home crowd who waited patiently until close to midnight, Anthony Joshua guaranteed Britain another medal by reaching the semi-finals.
The landlord was willing to sell, but the fire guaranteed Crowley a bargain price.
Women are hypergamous (they prefer men who are higher status than themselves), but our parents basically guaranteed these women a generation of unattractive men when women were made into our economic competitors.
Most Americans believed that race was one of the most important parts of national life; that race mattered because it guaranteed this country a future in the history of the world.
The worst overall mafware detection rate all but guaranteed this package last place.
Although the declaration of Eve's moral superiority was a common argument in humanistic defenses of women, such as Cornelius Agrippa's De nobilitate et praeccelentia foeminei sexus (1532), the author's invocation of Saint Thomas guaranteed the Defensa a position within acceptable contemporary moral parameters.
The vetoes, however, guaranteed the government a majority of the votes on the council.
This, along with his collection of 3,000 books, allegedly lent him the nickname of the " Lithuanian Solomon. "
And we will never talk about it again. This is your fault. You lent me the essential Sorkin box set.
That it was a BuzzFeed piece even lent it a kind of credibility, she said.
The Friday night before Flynn had an abortion was no different except Margaret, who'd lent Flynn the money, couldn't concentrate.
Kiefer had lent Adrian a pair of shorts and a T-shirt.
Seeing the investment as a quick way to turn a profit, Hopkins lent a friend the money to travel to the West African country and make the purchase, only to have the gold lost in transit.
But several years later in Mississippi, a neighbor lent Alice Walker a copy of Hurston's novel, " Their Eyes Were Watching God. "
Alexandra Larchmont pinned Lady Miranda with the intense stare she knew lent her predictions extra credence.
A patina of adolescent acne scarring lent his face an aura of moral turpitude.
He had just lent his girlfriend a couple of thousand dollars, so his liquidity was seriously in doubt.
My friend had finally called her and gave a glowing reference so she offered me a third grade position.
Instead, they changed Holly to a male and offered him the part.
He offered her a ride.
Chelsea Carson offered Ben a deal he couldn't refuse.
The U.S offered Israel a compromise in the clash over loan guarantees.
When the hostess offered her guests the box of chocolates the guests would take the chocolate closest to them without hesitation, nor reflection, as if the chocolates were all the same.
In May, Chance Carter, the founder of Bookclicker, offered his readers a chance to win diamonds from Tiffany's if they left a review for his new release Mr. Diamond.
Hostess' executives are now blaming workers who've offered their company multiple concessions and want it to succeed.
Producer Rick Rubin offered the band crucial feedback on their reliably demented lyrics -- even though he had no idea what they meant.
 Joel immediately offered the boy a couch in his cramped studio for a couple days if he'd let Joel paint him, and the boy agreed.
A nice Japanese lady loaned me her phone.
She loaned him her car as often as possible so he could drive to the mountains.
Well, she told us that she loaned you the money for the car.
Someone loaned Freebo some money and is willing to skin people to get it back.
Jason loaned Steve his car to come and see you.
He has loaned his campaign $1.7 million so far and had $328,000 cash on hand at the end of September.
Since he had also been the one who loaned my daddy the money to buy the boat, he was quite upset, and he went down to the docks with two of her brothers and, I heard tell, three pistols.
I loaned my ex-roommate a fortune And he fled to Bali.
" Whack! " Oswego yelled, only this time Bulmuk had loaned the boy his sword.
The statements were that they shared a bed and that Lincoln even loaned the captain his nightshirt.
She left me a nasty note about smoking on the stairs but I had not, it was my car in my garage with doors closed.
I wrote 10 to 15 questions, and left him a message to call me back because I need to have serious talk if he cares about me.
Through out the day, I left her a few more messages that were equally as adamant, adding that if she didn't get back to me ASAP, I'd just call her daddy and work out the details.
I left Kate a message last week, but she never called me back.
When he was struggling, in the wake of his divorce, Harry had left Suzy a phone message.
They left the judge no choice.
At a news conference in Paris, Clinton said Gadhafi had left the world no choice but to intervene urgently and forcefully to protect further loss of civilian life.
You left the bathroom a mess again.
n Maryland, a state-police sergeant left a witness a voicemail in which he was recorded referring to her by an infamous racial slur (he wrongly thought he had hung up his phone), and the authorities categorically denied the woman any information about how her subsequent complaint was being handled.
Elizabeth Lynes in 1739 left a daughter a silver snuff box.
So when they promised me a luxurious vacation, I didn't hesitate.
I promised you deliciousness, once upon a time.
We promised him protection.
You know, I think Gates promised Hawk a cut, too.
Somewhere in there you promised NPR five minutes.
I promised Herr Hitler a miracle.
Leading the news this Thursday, Defense Sec. Cheney promised Israel U.S. financial aid in developing a new anti-missile defense system.
But that's not what his supporters expect of a president who had promised the country an activist government that would extricate us from futile wars and concentrate on rebuilding a nation left in debt and economic failure after eight years of George W. Bush.
You promised the judge a witness we don't have.
My husband promised your daughter a pool party.
It's likely someone slipped them blueprints or told them how the bowels of the jail were laid out, he said.
But she slipped him a note right in front of my fucking face.
He slipped me that gun to shoot myself in case of emergency.
Adler had given the security guard the night off and slipped Billy a gate key.
Somehow he slipped Delia a drug-a drug that took advantage of all those years we plied her with Grammenthol.
Damn screwed up legal system, I'd bet she'd win if she slipped the judge a couple hundred thousand like the RIAA.
He slipped the keyringoff his belt and hung it on a hook by the door.
And I slipped the nanny 40 bucks, told her to stay till 10:00.
Then, of course, I... slipped their computer a virus.
He just slipped a prisoner a pack of gum.
Who was this loving man who was affectionate towards me, wrote me love letters, took me on wonderful vacations?
He simply wrote them a big check and Jr. got his admission slip.
I wrote him a note when your poor brother was drowned.
You wrote Santa a letter?
On her last Thursday at work, she wrote Valois a letter of resignation and put it beside the Omni, in the same place where she found her paycheck every Friday.
The next day, I wrote the president a letter.
I wrote the company a check on the spot.
So the person wrote the guy a letter, something about how sorry he was to hear about the job loss and how much he had always respected the man and enjoyed working for him.
I wrote my baby a letter.
Yes, there were the four boys as the years went by, but in 1958, Bush wrote his mother the letter that, for many readers of this book, will be the most memorable.
Graduate school has taught me great time management but has given me a dull life.
When we'd gone to meet the Shoo Bears, he taught us proper sterning techniques -- the art of steering a canoe without paddling on alternating sides.
I didn't hurt him permanently or anything, I just taught him a lesson about sucker punching people at a urinal.
Ru-Wei also taught Niu the importance of nature's balance.
There was a guy in the building who taught Raja the skills he later made his living from -- electrical, plumbing, and dealing (weed mostly).
Hell, no, I taught the bastard a lesson he'll never forget.
He taught his children the basics of advanced mathematics before they went to kindergarten.
Instead management created an economics of racial inbetween-ness which taught new immigrants the importance of racial hierarchy while leaving open their place in that hierarchy.
You even taught other tribes the rules.
We were a community of people who taught our children good morals and leadership values.
This opportunity gave me a chance to know what growing up on the farm really means.
As I was talking to the service writer, I gave him the kit, asked him to ask the tech to collect some of the used oil, and asked for the exact type of Pennzoil oil they used so that I could write it on the form.
The dough was soft and chewy, highlighted by the glaze that gave it a delicious finish.
We gave Obama a chance in 2008.
In the end, the town gave Kraft the land for the factory for free, and the state gave the company a 90 percent tax break.
There are many whom Christ justifies, even as many as he gave his life a ransom for.
Keith gave my hand a squeeze.
Stepping out of the hotel, she asked the doorman to hail a cab and gave the driver the address she had memorized the night before.
She gave her head a shake and tightened every muscle in her body.
I gave this book 3 stars simply for SL part of the book, Miss Congeniality.
They fed him pork and greens and made him a fine suit to show hisself.
He made them feel special, fed them the finest foods, girls, drugs, all of that.
She sat down on a stool and steadied herself, then she invoked the mail app's filter and fed it a few examples of the kind of thing she did not wish to see.
We've been working with the assumption that the killer fed Adena hot dogs.
True to his word, Coleman fed Brown the ball outside the 3-point line the next time UH got the ball.
The researchers fed female mice high-fat food for nine weeks -- before mating, during pregnancy and during lactation.
For the next thirty minutes, we fed each child a bowl of delicious vegetable dal and bread.
" When we fed elite cyclists a pre-test meal and subsequent snacks of either all carbs or energy bars that contained 40% carbohydrates, 30% protein and 30% fat, the ones who ate the energy bars produced considerably less lactate during a four-hour trial, " he says.
Vanessa fed her son another animal cracker.
They're basically the Nice Guy if you gave him unlimited money and fed his brain a bunch of episodes of Jersey Shore social conditioning.
I occasionally paid him cash, but I don't live at all close to my bank so if I owed hundreds of dollars it was much more practical to write a check.
Last year a Mr. Damaro paid me a call.
The state paid them a total of $13.4 million last year, or about 9 cents of every $1,000 spent on employee wages, according to a Bee review of payroll data from the state controller's office.
Classmate Evan Whittaker paid Julia no attention before the accident, let alone after.
Iowa made $44 million in' 11 and paid Ferentz $4.3 million.
Two decades ago, Kester paid the IRS $2 million when he inherited a 22,000-acre cattle ranch from his grandfather.
The problem is that we paid this guy A lot of money to do something, and he didn't fucking do it.
Oil companies paid the government $4 billion for offshore leases in the Gulf of Mexico from 1996 to 2000, and the government got almost all of the leases back and released the leases for another $6 billion.
When he was on the mend, Chris and his crew paid the doctor a visit to check on him.
Big business paid big labor high wages and other workers high wages to prevent the expansion of labor unions.
His peers even voted him one of the league's 100 best players.
What a happy coincidence you made Lizzie come to my place' cause, you know, New York magazine just voted it Best Bar for Luring Crazed Murderers.
Apparently, not many others believe they are up to it: UH's Kim Helton is the only C-USA coach who voted them No. 1 in the conference preseason poll.
CSU's governing body, the state board of agriculture, recently voted Yates a pay raise of $ 15,993 to bring his base salary to $ 153,912.
In a recent poll, Italian women voted Benigni the man they would most like to go on vacation with.
In a 2004 survey art professionals voted the urinal-Fountain the world's most influential piece of modern art, ahead of works by Picasso or Matisse.
The council met this afternoon and voted Bill henrickson the chairman of the board.
A large number of visitors to the booth voted the game Best Game in Show, an award that will be announced in next months issue of the industry magazine, PlayMeter.
The Soviet Parliament today voted President Gorbachev a pay raise, more than doubling his salary to just under $ 77,000 a year.
The Senate voted Pres. Bush special authority to negotiate a free trade agreement with Mexico, and the United States helped Israel in the airlift of thousands of Ethiopian Jews.
He handed me a record album.
A police officer handed him a ticket.
The teller said the robber handed her this note.
And finally came the abrupt and unsigned Supreme Court intervention that stopped the recount and handed Bush the presidency.
Bush handed Obama a country in free-fall economic collapse.
Taylor allegedly handed the teller a note informing her of a bank robbery.
Actually, Winfrey personally handed each graduate a copy of her book, " The Path Made Clear: Discovering Your Life's Direction and Purpose ".
Toward the end of dinner, Powell handed his wife an envelope.
The conductor had come around earlier and handed the boys souvenir pins.
Lawmakers also handed the mayor the power to appoint members of the city school board.
We served him a warrant, found his computer and then took him in quietly.
I was the only one taking the trip in realtime, but a flight attendant dutifully served me a urine-sample-sized orange juice and a rubbery, pungent, cheese omelet.
When last I was inside those walls, your cook served us a steak and kidney pie.
Republicans and Democrats served Bannon a subpoena during the hearing, a much more aggressive step than the committee has previously taken when faced with witnesses who declined to answer questions.
And so I dutifully served Baker his tea.
My mother, the invincible woman -- a stoic lady even in poverty -- dried her tears with her white apron while she served my father another cup of tea.
You were the one who served Lady Coddington the wine.
Krumwheezle served his guests Mirabad tea as the waves boomed and hissed overhead.
My favorite TV moment was an " Alfred Hitchock Presents " episode featuring Carmen Matthews as a housewife who beaned her spouse with a frozen leg of lamb, then roasted and served the police the evidence for dinner.
During their filming visits, Sues served the students lemon bars.
He tossed them a wave and headed for the Escalade.
Dina's mom, Peggy, had tossed him the keys to her car, saying, " Take the Mercedes. "
He tossed her a ziplock bag of cash.
Back in room 217 Kent tossed Tom a plastic container of tetracycline.
Rachel tossed Tess another book without looking up from her own.
Hastily Vern tossed his uncle a chicken.
Helen tossed her brother a grin.
I tossed the boy a pound coin and headed back out into the freezing rain.
Prany reached in to the garbage container again and tossed the dog a handful of the fruit and rice.
A gentleman passing by reached into his pocket and tossed the King a half-penny.
They have sent me new phones when I had issues.
One time when we went to Washington with my father, Allie sent him a postcard, but I'll bet he never got it.
Well, I sent you some names in an email a long while back.
Then Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, saying, Go, fall upon him.
The agent sent Kelley a photo of himself with no shirt, " as a joke, a gag " at least six months before she began receiving the troubling emails, the official said.
Apparently he had given way to nerves yesterday, had been too hasty when he sent the President a letter that made no mention of the American missiles in Italy and Turkey.
You sent the boy text messages that said, " I love you. "
A month before Reid took his life he sent his mother a note telling her that at times he didn't want to live any longer.
He was rich, yet never sent my mother a dime.
I wish I'd known that before I sent your mom this text.
As someone above notes, I'm sure she would have sold them a birthday cake, or a graduation cake, or a get well soon cake.
You sold me a crummy watch, I want my money back.
The guy who sold him the pills.
Bernard Lansky, the man who sold Elvis his clothes back in the day, operates a hip clothing store in the lobby.
And that is why he was wearing it the night he sold Elliot the car, flaunting it.
Schultz sold the city 100 acres of land at $3,000 an acre.
Shame on those folks who sold library students a bill of goods.
My husband went and sold his father seven acres of our land.
Interestingly, the people who sold Mr Loughner the gun have told in interviews that they knew he was a little bit strange, but by law they said they felt that they could not refuse to sell him that Glock pistol.
You sold my girlfriend some shit the other day.
